Oh, Mr. Zhao, you are getting better and better now
I'll take you later.
Zhang Cheng, you don't have a plot, and you still trespass in the class reunion
Shameless
If you don't get out, I'll have security kick you out
Hey, Bingbing is here.
Yang Bingbing, you are getting more and more beautiful.
That's not right, Yang Bingbing will soon be the young lady of the day before yesterday's group
Just stomp your feet.
The whole Hainanese people have to tremble
Hey Bingbing, what about your boyfriend?
Everyone is waiting to meet him
He's busy every day.
I guess it will take a while to come over.
Bingbing, now that I see you and Master Qian living so happily?
I'm just happy for you from the bottom of my heart.
I really don't want anyone to ruin your happiness
Obviously, an uninvited guest came to our classmates' reunion.
No invitations
Can't get away
It's just a dog skin plaster
Hmph, I want to see who dares to run wild in Nanhai City